content/en/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Nguyen Tran

# Name pronunciation (optional)
name_pronunciation:

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Nguyen
last_name: Tran

# Status emoji
status:
  icon: 

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Undegrad student

# Organizations/Affiliations to display in Biography blox
organizations:
  - name: 
    url: 

# Social network links
# Need to use another icon? Simply download the SVG icon to your `assets/media/icons/` folder.
profiles:
  - icon: at-symbol
    url: 'mailto:nguyentrankhoi1201@gmail.com'
    label: E-mail Me
 # - icon: brands/x
   # url: https://twitter.com/GetResearchDev
  - icon: brands/instagram
    url: https://www.instagram.com/boiphonongthon/
  - icon: brands/github
    url: https://github.com/nguyentkfsc0086
  - icon: brands/linkedin
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nguyentran04/
  #- icon: academicons/google-scholar
   # url: https://scholar.google.com/
 # - icon: academicons/orcid
  #  url: https://orcid.org/

interests:
  - Computational Biology
  - Biostatistics
  - Machine Learning
  - Modeling Mathematics
work:
  - position: Research Assistant in Biomedical Data Science
    company_name: Department of Biological Science, University of Massachusetts Lowell
    advisor: Rachel Melamed, PhD
    date_start: 2025-06-15
    date_end: ''
    summary: |2-
      Advisor: Dr. Rachel Melamed, PhD
      Responsibilities include:
        - Implement PrediXcan method on 866 GTEx subjects to build models predicting gene expression at 15,044 genes across 103 tissues
        - Prepare and manage large-scale genotype datasets (270 GB VCF file)
        - Develop independent research plans and lead weekly 1-on-1 progress meetings with advisor

  - position: STEM tutor
    company_name:
    date_start: 2025-07-02
    date_end: ''
    summary: |2-
      Responsibilities include:
        - Tutoring mathematics and physics for Vietnamese high school students

education:

  - area: BS in Applied Math and Statistics
    institution: University of Massachusetts at Lowell
    date_start: 2025-09-03
    date_end: 2027-05-31
    summary: |  
      Courses included:
        - Mathematics:
          - Discrete Structure 1
          - Partial Differential Equations
          - Linear Algebra 2
        - Computer Science:
          - Data Science for Biologist
          - Organization of Programing Languagues
  - area: AS in Computer Science
    institution: Bunker Hill Community College
    date_start: 2023-01-23
    date_end: 2025-05-30
    summary: |  
      Courses included:
        - Mathematics:
          - Calculus 1, 2, 3
          - Linear Algebra
          - Ordinary Differential Equations
        - Computer Science:
          - C++ Programming
          - Java Programming
          - SQl Programming
          - Data Structure and Algorithms
          - Advance Java Programming


# Skills
# Add your own SVG icons to `assets/media/icons/`


 

# Awards.
Awards:
  - title: International Transfer Academic Achievement Award
    awarder: University of Massachusetts Lowell
    date: 2025-09-01
    summary: |
      - $13 000/year for 4 years (total $52 000)
#   Add/remove as many awards below as you like.
#   Only `title`, `awarder`, and `date` are required.
#   Begin multi-line `summary` with YAML's `|` or `|2-` multi-line prefix and indent 2 spaces below.

---

## About Me

Hi I'm Nguyen and I come from Cantho, Vietnam. I’m a junior at the University of Massachusetts Lowell study in Applied Mathematics and Statistics. I’m passionate about applying statistical and computational methods to the fields of Biology and Healthcare. Currently, I’m working on an independent research project under the guidance of Professor Rachel Melamed in Computational Disese Biology Lab, Center of Biomedical and Health Research in Data Sciences.

Commit message:

Update bio with fun fact about food preferences
Added a fun fact about personal preferences to the bio.

content/en/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Nguyen Tran

# Name pronunciation (optional)
name_pronunciation:

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Nguyen
last_name: Tran

# Status emoji
status:
  icon: 

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Undegrad student

# Organizations/Affiliations to display in Biography blox
organizations:
  - name: 
    url: 

# Social network links
# Need to use another icon? Simply download the SVG icon to your `assets/media/icons/` folder.
profiles:
  - icon: at-symbol
    url: 'mailto:nguyentrankhoi1201@gmail.com'
    label: E-mail Me
 # - icon: brands/x
   # url: https://twitter.com/GetResearchDev
  - icon: brands/instagram
    url: https://www.instagram.com/boiphonongthon/
  - icon: brands/github
    url: https://github.com/nguyentkfsc0086
  - icon: brands/linkedin
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nguyentran04/
  #- icon: academicons/google-scholar
   # url: https://scholar.google.com/
 # - icon: academicons/orcid
  #  url: https://orcid.org/

interests:
  - Computational Biology
  - Biostatistics
  - Machine Learning
  - Modeling Mathematics
work:
  - position: Research Assistant in Biomedical Data Science
    company_name: Department of Biological Science, University of Massachusetts Lowell
    advisor: Rachel Melamed, PhD
    date_start: 2025-06-15
    date_end: ''
    summary: |2-
      Advisor: Dr. Rachel Melamed, PhD
      Responsibilities include:
        - Implement PrediXcan method on 866 GTEx subjects to build models predicting gene expression at 15,044 genes across 103 tissues
        - Prepare and manage large-scale genotype datasets (270 GB VCF file)
        - Develop independent research plans and lead weekly 1-on-1 progress meetings with advisor

  - position: STEM tutor
    company_name:
    date_start: 2025-07-02
    date_end: ''
    summary: |2-
      Responsibilities include:
        - Tutoring mathematics and physics for Vietnamese high school students

education:

  - area: BS in Applied Math and Statistics
    institution: University of Massachusetts at Lowell
    date_start: 2025-09-03
    date_end: 2027-05-31
    summary: |  
      Courses included:
        - Mathematics:
          - Discrete Structure 1
          - Partial Differential Equations
          - Linear Algebra 2
        - Computer Science:
          - Data Science for Biologist
          - Organization of Programing Languagues
  - area: AS in Computer Science
    institution: Bunker Hill Community College
    date_start: 2023-01-23
    date_end: 2025-05-30
    summary: |  
      Courses included:
        - Mathematics:
          - Calculus 1, 2, 3
          - Linear Algebra
          - Ordinary Differential Equations
        - Computer Science:
          - C++ Programming
          - Java Programming
          - SQl Programming
          - Data Structure and Algorithms
          - Advance Java Programming


# Skills
# Add your own SVG icons to `assets/media/icons/`


 

# Awards.
Awards:
  - title: International Transfer Academic Achievement Award
    awarder: University of Massachusetts Lowell
    date: 2025-09-01
    summary: |
      - $13 000/year for 4 years (total $52 000)
#   Add/remove as many awards below as you like.
#   Only `title`, `awarder`, and `date` are required.
#   Begin multi-line `summary` with YAML's `|` or `|2-` multi-line prefix and indent 2 spaces below.

---

## About Me

Hi I'm Nguyen and I come from Cantho, Vietnam. I’m a junior at the University of Massachusetts Lowell study in Applied Mathematics and Statistics. I’m passionate about applying statistical and computational methods to the fields of Biology and Healthcare. Fun fact, I love Heytea's Coconut Mango Boom and Bún bò Huế.
